
Dear Sponsors,

Thank you for the letter sent to me regarding my result. I am grateful but the result wouldn't have been so fine if not for your support. 

But there is a glitch, or according to computer science, there is a catch, or an exception. 

I am **not** interested in anything Medical field

It's really difficult to find one's purpose in life. It is one of the most daunting task. Some are lucky, they find it young, e.g artists, sportsmen, etc. Some find it in their middle age, and some are just unfortunate not to find it at all till they die. Well, I had found mine since I was young. Around the age of 12 or so, but circumstances reshaped my life.

I do not want to bore you with my story but I must narrate part of it.

I have been deemed intelligent right from my young age. I was different. Left handed. And I am a very curious person. I am particularly suspicious of how the society was arranged, I am always skeptical about religions, work, schools, etc. And as opposed to what the controllers of the world expected, my curiousity grew up with me, if not even stronger. 

I was born into a family of 5 and I have my two parents, alive, not divorced, still going strong, although not strong financially. And that was why I met Mrs. Fashakin and eventually met you. Had it been my parents were financially strong, I might have developed my own computer science theory by now. I don't only have a knack for computer science, I believe it is my true calling.

I love mathematics, I love programming, I love thinking critically and systematically, I love looking into things and see its intricacies, all these traits are those of a scientist and I see myself as such. I believe I am a computer scientist by gene.

Alright, I could have told you right from the start but I did. I told Mrs. Fashakin about it but she didn't tell you about it. I knew the solution is just to wait for the right time which is probably now.

I really studied hard to pass this JAMB because I knew if I fail I might not be able to really convince you. Now that the results are out and you see that doing medicine and surgery is not a problem for me, I believe my convincing will be much easier.

There are several solutions to this. 

Go to school and pursue by true calling as an aside, which will be quite impossible considering the difficulties of medicine itself. Or forgo the schorlarship and pursue my career of choice on my own. The latter is actually very difficult too considering the situation of this country at the moment, and I am writing this to you to help me. 

Please, I want a life as a computer scientist, someone who helps the world through softwares, machine learning and artificial intelligence, I don't mind changing locations, waiting another year, or anything that may come with it. 

Look at China, USA, Japan, etc, all these countries are tech giants. They rule the world through computer, and here in africa, we are busy pushing intelligent and smart kids into health field while they are busy investing in technologies. 

I don't want to be another wasted resource. Please support me in achieving this goal of mine, I want Nigeria to compete globally techwise, and it's not bad if the revolution starts from me(us). 

Thank you.

// That is rude



Temidayo Olawoyin

:: Hey future bro? What are the situations of things?
:: Did you later pass the exam?
:: Anything bad happens?
:: Are you now doing CS or have taken the mbbs path?
:: Still under sponsorship?

Well whatever the situation is at the time, please never give up
if good, don't be carried away 
if bad please don't give up, 
you are destined for greatness I can tell you that. 


